As a Data Analyst at AppOnboard, you will join our growing Analytics & Insights team to help support our growing business intelligence needs. This person will be responsible for extracting, analyzing, and modeling data that will lead to insights we can share with the worlds top developers who leverage AppOnboards demo technology and platform. 

AppOnboard is a next-gen platform that powers Full-Fidelity Demos, which allow users to instantly experience an app or game in the highest quality possible before downloading it. AppOnboard enables app and game testing, driving insights to product teams and optimizing app launches and onboarding. The company was founded in late 2016 by Jonathan Zweig, the founding CEO of AdColony (which sold to Opera Software for $350 million). 

This is a unique opportunity for someone looking to have an impact at one of the hottest startups in Los Angeles and top companies defining the future of app development. In Q1 we also secured our official $15 million Series A fundraising round! 

Responsibilities:
Analyze a plethora of real-time data sets to extract meaningful insights about app demos that run on AppOnboards platform and in other places (e.g. Google Play Store via App Store Demos/Google Play Instant)
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques to increase accuracy
Support internal teams from Insight, Product, Business Development, Business Ops, Creative, and Sales with daily data requests and needs
Establish data analysis process and set of tools that can help improve internal efficiencies and be taught to future hires
Build KPI reports and dashboards to help key stakeholders measure, optimize and understand performance of demos across platforms and target audiences
Ensure timely and accurate data analysis in a fast-paced, start-up environment
What We're Looking For
2-4 years of experience at a digital/mobile/tech company with a proven track record of using data analysis to drive significant business
Strong mathematical or statistical background preferred
Highly proficient with programming languages, especially for data manipulation (e.g. SQL, Python are highly important in this role).
Knowledge of BI/Data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau) to create insightful reports, visualizations, and interactive dashboards for Commercial teams and customers
Experience in and comfortable with data analysis, wrangling, and curation
Strong project management skills with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines
Passion for mobile technology, mobile apps, and gaming
Self-starter with a positive attitude and team-first spirit
Eager to learn new technologies and skills in data processing and analytics
Bachelors degree in Math, Statistics, Business, Economics, or a related field

About the Role 

Data can tell us a lot about our world. Analytics allows us all to download huge amounts of data, crunch the numbers and discover the deep stories that lie beneath the surface. 

At Essence, data offers insights on each phase of our workflow process. We use data to help our clients understand the reactions of customers to their products and services, which might manifest in many ways - audience segmentation, media analysis including attribution, driver and performance analysis, portfolio analyses and so forth. It's the ultimate data playground, driven by long standing relationships with clients like Google as well as our own curiosity. 

We rely on analysts who are well-rounded to be successful: individuals with a strong background in data science, who can think creatively about our analytics offering and translate their analysis into compelling insights for our clients. 

In this role based in Los Angeles, you will have an opportunity to apply all these skills and be at the forefront of cutting-edge digital analytics work for a major movie studio. 

The ideal Data Analyst is a problem solver with a keen understanding of data wrangling, analysis and interpretation of complicated, disparate, large-scale datasets. You are technical, focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth and success of a product or service. 

Some of the things we'd like you to do:
Take ownership of delivery for designated clients/projects
Collaborate with campaign teams to identify opportunities where our analytics offering can add value
Gain an understanding of marketing plans and their objectives to be able to assist with comprehensive measurement, and test & learn plans
Develop analytical techniques to analyze results from experiments/studies/observations
Explore methods/techniques for solving business problems given the data available
Help internal and external clients understand the capability and limitations of methods used
Develop and present compelling and innovative presentations
A bit about yourself:
Advanced degree in Statistics, Math, Computer Science, Physics a plus but not required.
Hands-on Experience with statistical software packages (R, SPlus), programming languages (SQL, Python) and with statistical models for multivariate testing, time series analysis, logistic/linear/non-linear regression. Supervised, and Unsupervised machine learning a plus.
Experience working with relational databases. Experience with 'big data' systems (Google Cloud Products, Qubole, Hive/Spark) a plus.
Ability to communicate your findings effectively to non-technical audiences.
Ability to use the story to create new analytical products or change an existing product in a way that improves company goals and metrics.
Knowledge of the data science lifecycle - acquiring data from different sources, exploratory analysis, creating and optimizing models, validation and interpretation, and finally onward communication of results in a clear and succinct fashion.